docs: creating new docs guide (#7039)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: docs/content/contributing/2.docs/4.creating-new-docs.md

# Adding Docs to Your Project

> Adding documentation helps developers work with your Vue Storefront integration. While you're more than welcome to use any docs tech stack you want, you may also want to use the Vue Storefront Docs theme to be consistent with the rest of the ecosystem. This is the Nuxt Layer used by all Vue Storefront maintained projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding documentation helps developers work with your Vue Storefront integration. While you're welcome to use the docs tech stack of your choice, you may chose to use the Vue Storefront Docs theme to be consistent with the rest of the ecosystem. This is the Nuxt Layer used by all Vue Storefront maintained projects.
```

::steps
#step-1
## Initialize Your Nuxt Project
First, create a Nuxt 3 project inside of your project repo. From the root of your repo, run:

```sh
npx nuxi init docs
```

This creates a Nuxt 3 project inside a `docs` folder with the following structure:

```
├── README.md
├── app.vue
├── nuxt.config.ts
├── package.json
├── public
│   └── favicon.ico
├── server
│   └── tsconfig.json
├── tsconfig.json
└── yarn.lock
```

> Since the Docs Theme takes care of most of the design, logic, and behavior of the site - you should delete the `app.vue` to allow the theme to use its own UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the Docs Theme takes care of most of the design, logic, and behavior of the site, you should delete the `app.vue` to allow the theme to use its own UI.
```

#step-2
## Install the theme

Our Base Docs Theme uses Nuxt Content, adds styles, and other default behaviors to create consistency throughout our docs. 

```sh
# npm
npm install sf-docs-base

# yarn
yarn add sf-docs-base

# pnpm
pnpm install sf-docs-base
```

The Nuxt's [extends](https://nuxt.com/docs/getting-started/layers) property can be used in the `nuxt.config.ts` to tell the project to treat the docs base as its base layer.

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  extends: ['sf-docs-base']
})
```

#step-3
## Creating Content

> To actually add pages to your project, create a `content/` folder inside of your `docs` application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add pages to your project, create a `content/` folder inside of your `docs` application. 
```
